it began as a holiday or
eager to escape a bright future on the
Great Plains
Arthur howitzer jr. transformed the
series of travelogue columns into the
French dispatch a factual weekly report
on the subjects of world politics the
arts high and low and diverse stories of
human interest you don't think it's
almost to see Jesus to him no I don't
decent people supposed to be charming he
assembled a team of the best patriot
journalists of his time Berenson Sazerac
kremens Roebuck write these for his
people just try to make it sound like
you wrote it that way on purpose we take
as the subject of tonight's lecture mr.
Moses Rosenthal certainly loudest
autistic voice of his rowdy generation
simone naked cellblock J hobby room I
want to buy it isn't uh for sale yes it
is oh yeah yesterday yes for this yes
in short the picture was a sensation
the kids did this
obliterated a thousand years of
Republican authority in less than for
tonight what do they want freedom . i'm
naked mrs. Crimmins i can see them
lieutenant miss caffee
he is the great exemplar of the mode of
cuisine known as police cooking the
aromas of the kitchen cast to smell
which was to be mortally broken as you
know by now we have kidnapped your son
[Music]
a message from the foreman one hour to
press you're fired
don't cry in my office
[Applause]
[Music]